Add migration use-case. (#26)
tls-attestation/use-cases-and-properties: draft-mihalcea-seat-use-cases.md

verified rollback to a previously known good version must be triggered
based on attestation evidence.

## Platform-to-platform communication

> Goal: Allow platforms within the same estate to establish a trustworthy

Reviewer: what do you mean by "estate" ?

Author: I meant something along the lines of "platforms under the same ownership". Will find a better phrasing.

Author: I just removed that part entirely.

secure channel.

Use case: Migration of workloads (confidential workloads in particular) between
different platforms. Migration is occasionally required in order to maintain
uptime for the hosted services across periods of scheduled downtime for the
hosting platform. Having remote attestation-enforced policies for such migration
events provides guarantees that the services will not be exposed to lower
security guarantees when migrating.

> * Requirement: The migration agents on the target platform typically acts as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requirement: The migration agent on the target platform typically acts as
```

>   attester, proving its state for its peer on the initiating platform (where the

Reviewer 2: Maybe use source and destination platforms terminology.

>   attester, proving its state for its peer on the initiating platform (where the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Requirement: The migration agent on the destination platform typically acts as
  attester, proving its state for its peer on the source platform (where the
```

Author: See latest commit, I've already changed that

  workload initially resides).

> * Example: Intel TDX offers migration capabilities via its Migration TD

Reviewer 2: Security consideration: How does the end user get a guarantee that it was not migrated to a non-confidential VM?

Author: I don't think this is really part of this document, since we're not addressing the migration itself, just documenting that people use aTLS for this.

Reviewer 2: sure, fine for me.

>   {{MigTD}}. Peer MigTDs on the initiating and target platforms set up an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  {{MigTD}}. Peer Migration TDs on the initiating and target platforms set up an
```
The abbreviation was undefined.

>   attested TLS channel to perform the migration over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  attested TLS connection to perform the migration over.
```

>   attested TLS connection to perform the migration over.

Reviewer 2: As discussed in the meeting, please clearly distinguish the Service VM from the VM being migrated.

Author: I don't think a service VM is needed by definition, but I'll try to make it clearer.

Reviewer 2: I didn't mean to define it.
Isn't it the service VM in the destination platform that is being attested?

Author: Yes, basically. I've tried to use the term `migration agent` in the most recent commit, as the migration could be done by the firmware underneath the CVM, not by a separate service CVM.
